README.md, before:

# Melange for React Developers

A simple project template using [Melange](https://github.com/melange-re/melange)
with [opam](https://opam.ocaml.org/).

## Quick Start

```shell
make init

# In separate terminals:
make watch
make serve
```

When running `make init`, you may encounter an error like this:

```
[ERROR] Could not determine which packages to install for this switch:
  * Missing dependency:
    - melange >= 2.0.0
    no matching version
```

To address this, first run `opam update`, then rerun `make init`.

### React

React support is provided by
[`reason-react`](https://github.com/reasonml/reason-react/). The entry
point of the sample React app is [`Index.re`](Index.re).

## Commands

You can see all available commands by running `make help` or just `make`. Here
are a few of the most useful ones:

- `make init`: set up opam local switch and download OCaml, Melange, and
JavaScript dependencies
- `make install`: install OCaml, Melange, and JavaScript dependencies
- `make watch`: watch the filesystem and have Melange rebuild on every change
- `make serve`: serve the application with a local HTTP server

Commit message:

Add more scripts and delete Makefile

README.md, after:

# Melange for React Developers

A simple project template using [Melange](https://github.com/melange-re/melange)
with [opam](https://opam.ocaml.org/).

## Quick Start

```shell
npm run init

# In separate terminals:
npm run watch
npm run serve
```

### React

React support is provided by
[`reason-react`](https://github.com/reasonml/reason-react/). The entry
point of the sample React app is [`Index.re`](Index.re).

## Commands

All the build commands are defined in the `scripts` field of `package.json`.
This is completely optional, and other tools like `make` could be used.

You can see all available commands by running `npm run`. There are explanations
of each command in the `scriptsComments` field of the `package.json` file. Here
are a few of the most useful ones:

- `npm run init`: set up opam local switch and download OCaml, Melange and
JavaScript dependencies
- `npm run install-opam-npm`: install OCaml, Melange, and JavaScript
  dependencies
- `npm run watch`: watch the filesystem and have Melange rebuild on every
change
- `npm run serve`: serve the application with a local HTTP server
